Desktop wallet: add single signer baker flows (#365)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/change-restake-settings.rst

.. contents::
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2

By default, your baker rewards are restaked when you create the baker account. However, you can also choose to have the rewards transferred to the disposable amount of your account. If you change the restake settings, the change will take effect after two :ref:`epochs <glossary-epoch>`, which corresponds to two hours. This topic describes how you change the setting.

Change restake settings (Single-signature account)
==================================================

#. Go to **Accounts**, select the account whose baker keys you want to update, change the view to the detailed view, and select **Update baker restake earnings**.

#. Select whether you want to restake earnings or not, and then select **Continue**.

#. There's a message saying **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger to the computer and enter your PIN on Ledger.

#. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message in the Desktop Wallet saying **Ledger Nano S is ready** and select **Submit**.

> #. On the Ledger, there's a message saying **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct, and navigate to the right. The Ledger either says **Restake earnings Yes** or **Restake earnings No**, depending on what you've selected. Navigate to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct and navigate to the right. The Ledger either says **Restake earnings Yes** or **Restake earnings No**, depending on what you've selected. Navigate to the right.
```

> #. The Ledger says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The Ledger device says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger device says **Concordium is ready**.
```
